Manually adding traits for all remaining ?Artinian (#1583)
pi-base/data: spaces/S000166/properties/P000226.md

---
space: S000166
property: P000226
value: true
---

> Every proper subset except one only contains finitely many open sets, which immediately implies the descending chain condition for open sets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every open set $U\ne X$ except one is finite, which implies the descending chain condition for open sets.
```
confused by the proper subset business
